now what you're looking at is one of the
Boston butts that we have they come with
with a heavy skin a heavy fat over the
top and then when you look at the
opposite side you'll see that there's a
lot of lean on the Boston bless the one
that jasmine has there has not been
trimmed yet now you look at the one that
David has here and you see where the fat
has been trimmed away and then down at
the one side you see what has a bone
usually I'll take a whole but and cut
the butt in half after the fat has been
cut away and then place it on the grill
that makes for a shorter cook time and
actually you have two pieces of meat the
reasons for cutting the fat away is so
that the seasoning will season all the
way around I'm not interested in eating
a lot of fat mostly I'm looking for the
lean meat one reason why I favor the
Boston but more is because versus the
rib is because the Boston but has more
meat on it and less bone you're paying
for more meat and less bone you're
eating more meat and less bone so
therefore the Boston butt is a good
tasting meat also actually I said it
comes from the front upper shoulder of
the hog the meat that I usually pick is
a swift brand Boston but which actually
has less fat I don't know for what
reason whoever the roar of the hogs are
has less fat on their back which in a
minute now you see the Boston but after
it has been trimmed we have the fat land
over there it's about an inch and a half
a fat heavy and fat has some lean in
there a lot of times we take that extra
meeting with the fat own and just cook
it down for the dog
or we'll save that and put that in the
venison during the wintertime when we
harvest a deer will grind the fat of a
portion of fat up with the lean venison
and it causes it to cook better plus it
flavors it gives it good flavor you see
where jasmine has just trimmed some of
the fat off it has a little bit of
leaning in it and that helps in the
venison also but that's that's what we
have all right now all the meat is ready
to go to the grill we usually lay the
meat on the grill the fat side down in
order for the fat to roll on off as it
heats up right now David is putting the
meat on the grill that we have left as
you see we already have some on the
grill and we have the fat that was
trimmed off the meat on the grill we use
to cook that down for the dogs they
enjoy barbecued Boston butt off so they
just don't get the real thing
all right let's move around the back and
take a look and see what it looks like
on the fire see how the fire is doing on
the meat right now we're getting ready
to kill a few onions and slice them up
for the for the you know to go on the
meat after we cook the meat for several
hours we're takin and wrap the meat and
aluminum for the Boston bucks and then
we're going to take and put some onions
in that to help put the flavor of the
juice of the onion down into the meat
now we have our temperature back down at
a nice simmering temperature looks like
it's about three three three twelve
somewhere along in there it's a good
temperature will go cook there for a
while Boston butts been cooking for a
couple of hours at about 33 5312
temperature is kind of it went up to 400
at one time and then it came back down
there looking pretty good you can kind
of see the word of meat is starting to
draw up on the bone I like it when the
meet starts to draw up on the bone I
have been about three hours totally okay
we're checking the other side it's
looking pretty good everything is
looking good right now we go push it
back in and let it finish doing its
dripping let the meat cook down the fat
is cooking off real good starting to
draw up on the bone a little bit mama
that is some good-looking meat good talk
back with you later right now think
we're going to check the five see what
we can do
fire running down pretty good burning
just right let they would break it a
little bit right now these gorgeous
Boston butts have been cooking for a
while we decided we're just taking open
up and take a peek and see what they're
looking like and just got the fat just
bubbling up out of them and think we're
going to go ahead now and a few onions
own them and wrap them up meat looking
nice and tasty man take another look at
these gorgeous Boston butts they're just
a drip in and mouth watery and they are
good too well just about time to wrap
them put a few onions on them and let
them marinate in that onion juice for a
while all right we'll talk to you in a
minute at this point we're taking the
Boston butts and wrapping them in women
fall placing their knees on top get
ready for a good meal